1	6	 It must be consistent if it wishes to impose consistency on others .
0	32	 However , the absence of a legal base was an obstacle to the development of medium - term strategies and to the monitoring of individual projects , and it also made it difficult to blend the actions in with actions that were to be undertaken in the framework of other Community instruments .
0	21	 I should like to point out that there is considerable concern in my country that the single market may make it more difficult for us to carry out effective customs to prevent the importation of drugs .
0	5	 We must not turn it into a competition between Chernobyl and the proposal to ask the Council to report on the situation in the Middle East this week and to debate on it , and then put Chernobyl in second place !
1	11	 It is something which is fairly obvious when you state it but clearly it has profound implications for the people who live in those climates .
1	20	 I think the programme you have proposed will be helpful here , but you will also have to monitor it in practice .
0	13	 I thank them for their support and understanding of the fact that it is not always easy to achieve what would be our maximum preferred position by the very nature of the Council which is representative of Member States with a divergence - or at least a diversity - of interests in this and other spheres .
0	3	 Although , it must be said that if your train is held up for a long time at a border because of the need to make crew or technical changes , it is possible to develop quite a revolutionary set of feelings about the barriers which still cross our transport system , especially if you are late for a meeting or if it a very hot day and the children are thirsty .
1	24	 Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission report has been out for two years now , and the House has discussed it in great detail over that period .
1	32	 Consequently , the Commission is able to accept , as currently drafted , Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 9(2) , 15 , 21 and 23 ; it can also accept , with some changes to the wording , Amendments Nos 2 , 4 , 8 , 10 , 11(1) , 19 and 20 .
0	17	 As regards Amendment No 5 , of which I am in favour , I believe that it is important to stress that if it proves possible at Community level to agree criteria for the scale of customs controls , those criteria should be for a minimum level of checks .
1	16	 I hope that it will be widely supported , and I would be delighted if it helped to give the people of Europe confidence in our ability to protect those who are ill.
0	1	 It is important that we support the continuation of the SAVE energy efficiency programme with a budget of ECU 120m for the period from 1996 to 2000 .
1	48	 But the approach adopted by the Commission and the Member States at the moment , of demanding higher guarantees , asking for individual sureties , extending the periods during which controls may be carried out , carrying out audits which produce statistics on fraud instead of preventing it , and then claiming payment retrospectively from the operators we have talked about so often - all of this is wrong .
0	3	 However , it would perhaps be better if the funding could be allocated as evenly as possible over the whole duration of the programme .
0	8	 And then we say we will postpone it to whenever .
1	8	 That sounds all very nice , and it is important .
0	1	 It is very important to define the powers of customs officers , and these have , of necessity to be uniform throughout the Union .
0	2	 Would it not be preferable to opt for a gradual opening up along the same lines as for air transport ?
0	10	 The directive merely refers to the measures , while it is left open to the Member States whether they implement them or not .
1	4	 I hope that it will be widely supported , and I would be delighted if it helped to give the people of Europe confidence in our ability to protect those who are ill.
0	18	 For Europe as a whole , the figure is estimated at around ECU 3 billion , and it is often only fairly small - scale firms which are involved .
1	3	 She introduced it with her usual efficiency .
1	1	 It has not learned all the lessons from SAVE I. It is a very limited , minimal approach but it is absolutely essential that the Council of Ministers knows that the European Parliament is backing it very strongly indeed .
1	21	 I hope that this SAVE II programme will be adopted but there is much that could be done to improve it .
1	33	 At a time when the whole world is discussing Chernobyl and the effects of that disaster , we in this Parliament cannot say , we shall hold back and say nothing about it !
0	3	 I think it is a good initiative , but again Europe is absent .
0	16	 Mr President , Mrs von Blottnitz , first of all I should like to make it clear that the Commission is not opposed to legislative initiatives .
1	1	 It is being evaluated , fortunately , before we move on to SAVE II .
1	20	 Bearing in mind those fundamental objectives , the Commission put forward this text on 6 April 1995 , and it was first considered by the House on 25 October last .
0	4	 I really think it would show Parliament in a poor light if we do not discuss it on Wednesday .
0	1	 It is Parliament 's emphasis on interoperability that makes me welcome the amendments of the Transport Committee which are before the House today , and I hope that they can be supported by all sides of the House .
0	16	 What you present as a major success - and which really would be one if it had happened - is the SAVE directive of September 1993 , and that is precisely what we are discussing .
1	26	 That being the case , how will France , or more precisely the SNCF , be able to finance new infrastructures and rolling stock when it is already heavily in debt ?
0	1	 It is something which is fairly obvious when you state it but clearly it has profound implications for the people who live in those climates .
0	1	 It appears from various sources that the introduction of free movement has led to a sharp increase in the incidence and scale of fraud in the export , import and transfer of goods , so we now need to focus our efforts on taking adequate measures to combat fraud .
1	17	 It made that commitment unanimously when it agreed the Maastricht Treaty and today we should call it to account and hold it to the agreement it made then .
0	21	 But there are still plenty of points in this report that we do not agree with , and I think it is too simplistic to claim , as Mrs Soltwedel - Schäfer does , that every argument put forward by the industry must be unconstructive .
1	34	 The Committee on Budgets already pointed out when the Treaty was signed that it must not imply any significant budgetary burden on the EU , and that , we believe , is how it should remain .
1	7	 We were too late to hand it in , but it has been discussed with a number of Members .
1	14	 If Commission Fischler has made this statement , then he has said that it is not a matter of public health .
1	1	 It has its industrial responsibilities but also a responsibility towards every single citizen that may need to use these products in the future .
0	1	 It is quite unacceptable that Eurostar should have spent millions of pounds of taxpayers ' money on a European train of the future without adequate disabled access .
0	16	 As you know , the Commission is able to propose new legislation whenever it thinks it necessary , and I am absolutely sure that given the European Parliament 's support we shall have the opportunity to discuss new legislative measures here in this House in the coming months .
0	1	 It is important in this context that the SAVE initiatives should be coordinated with other European Union energy initiatives such as THERMIE and SYNERGY .
1	2	 If it really is being serious , words must finally be followed by deeds .
0	17	 almost a year 's captivity , 342 days , - has been freed , not , it is true , by the forces of public order , but he is at liberty .
0	2	 And it is in the light of those objectives that the Commission has weighed up the amendments tabled in your draft decision on second reading .
1	11	 Mr Smith , the same applies to your point ; it has nothing to do with the Minutes .
0	11	 The Commission and the Council have constantly declared how vital it is to reduce CO2 and to save energy .
0	20	 It has not learned all the lessons from SAVE I. It is a very limited , minimal approach but it is absolutely essential that the Council of Ministers knows that the European Parliament is backing it very strongly indeed .
0	8	 So in addition to the annex , it is equally important that we reappraise this programme on a continuous basis and receive reports on the activities undertaken on a continuous basis .
1	26	 However , in my view it is quite essential for the annex and table to be incorporated in the programme if we are to approve it .
1	19	 We welcome the amendment by Mr Soulier and hope that both the Commission and the Council will adopt it , thereby ensuring that existing lines or lines already upgraded will not necessarily be prejudiced by this last proposal .
0	1	 It is true that we have legislation on the efficiency of boilers , fridges and freezers , labelling , and there is more to come .
0	3	 You said it would be very soon .
1	11	 I therefore welcome the fact that the Commission has said it is prepared to try to help importers and exporters by considering ways to simplify procedures .
0	4	 As I see it , this programme needs to ensure that customs controls are equally strict at all border crossings , including ports and airports , and it is up to you , Commissioner , to see that this happens .
0	24	 However , it would be possible for us to come back to the issue of Chernobyl which does not have such immediacy although it is the tenth anniversary .
0	18	 This would enable the activities undertaken to be put on a long - term basis and make it possible to consider activities over the medium term , thus making them subject to less uncertainty .
1	2	 and it has clearly to be taken into account - this is not intended to take the place of the responsibility of the Member States for implementing Community law or collecting own resources : the intention is rather to create a form of constructive collaboration to secure better coordination of those activities .
0	16	 We think that in the event of an unexpected accident involving particularly dangerous transport operations it is important for the competent authorities to be informed about the operations .
1	1	 It must be geared towards society and its legitimate needs , and above all , Mr Bangemann , it must have the courage to innovate .
1	14	 It is something which is fairly obvious when you state it but clearly it has profound implications for the people who live in those climates .
0	27	 As a first step towards an eventual common customs administration , customs officials are to wear the twelve - star symbol of the Community to make it clear that they belong to a common service .
1	20	 We already have some 120 000 tonnes of radioactive waste and nobody knows what is to be done with it .
0	4	 Mr President , it concerns the speech made last week by Mr Fischler on BSE and reported in the Minutes .
0	6	 The second reading must make it clear to the Council once more by the proposals for amendment the essence of what is involved in the matters we are discussing together today .
1	23	 That said , however , all governments should avoid reducing the scope of the meaning of interoperability to such an extent that it relates only to the technical capacity of structural subsystems in a way which gives priority to preserving existing national networks .
0	1	 It is equally clear that the programmes intended to guarantee interoperability of the networks , particularly in the field of technical standards , require and will continue to require enormous technical effort and investments , seeing that the Member States ' networks have been developing for a century and a half with a vision far removed from the possibility of a market without frontiers and the part which infrastructures would play in the process of its creation .
0	43	 Even more important is the question what results that yields , because Council , Commission and Parliament may well talk about the need to breathe new life into the railways , but when we see how hard that is , how long it takes and what great internal problems are still facing many railway companies we get the feeling that the day will never dawn .
0	27	 In discussing the Euro - Mediterranean Conference , to which we gave the greatest prominence , we cannot then wash our hands of it and leave it to the European powers to take diplomatic steps in the Middle East outside the necessary agreement within the Union .
1	19	 It must be geared towards society and its legitimate needs , and above all , Mr Bangemann , it must have the courage to innovate .
0	10	 Once the problem has been expressed in those terms it must be recognized that as long as there is no interoperability there will be no freedom of movement .
0	4	 Could we leave it to you , Mr President , to see whether the Council is prepared to make a statement on the Middle East and what is happening in the Lebanon ?
0	1	 It is extremely pleasant to come to warm Strasbourg from cold Finland , where the ice on the lakes is still half a metre thick , making it quite possible to drive over the ice to one 's island holiday home to go fishing .
1	23	 Similarly , this decision does not of itself represent the main instrument devised by the Commission to tackle serious but specific problems it has identified in relation to fraud , particularly as regards transit .
1	36	 It has not learned all the lessons from SAVE I. It is a very limited , minimal approach but it is absolutely essential that the Council of Ministers knows that the European Parliament is backing it very strongly indeed .
1	42	 This is certain to be the case , since the report is supported by a majority in Parliament , but the Commission , so I was told by one of Mr Bangemann 's press officers , is anything but happy with it , saying that we are ' making a lot of work for the Commission ' with it .
1	24	 Madam President , the issue we are again discussing today - in the hope of being able to arrive at a definition of it - is of the greatest importance for the European internal market .
1	21	 In this debate we must also remind the Council of its commitments which it freely entered into at Maastricht when it committed itself not merely to a trans - European rail network but to an interoperable trans - European rail network .
0	12	 Indeed , Parliament has only just debated this directive , and it must be said that in many developed countries the objectives set out there do not represent anything new .
1	6	 With the other amendments , it fills out the text of the proposal for a regulation , and I should like in finishing , Commissioner , to know whether this amendment has the approval of the Commission : if not , Parliament would undoubtedly have some difficulty in approving a programme which is nevertheless welcome and promising , and which we wish to see adopted but in an amended and therefore improved form , so that it can be speedily implemented .
0	10	 There is one aspect in particular - and indeed it is one which came to light earlier - to which I would like to draw attention once again , namely the importance of identifying the customs authorities to which the ' Customs 2000 ' programme is addressed .
0	1	 It would appear that a speech made at the weekend by Mr Fischler indicates a change of his position .
0	24	 As regards Amendment No 5 , of which I am in favour , I believe that it is important to stress that if it proves possible at Community level to agree criteria for the scale of customs controls , those criteria should be for a minimum level of checks .
0	21	 The problem here is that of making the Member States shoulder responsibility since there are European citizens on blacklists and it will certainly be necessary to point out which governments and administrations fail to comply with the rules set within the Council of Ministers and the Commission .
1	8	 The aims of SYNERGY are simple : it takes up for non - member countries the aims set by the European Union for its own energy policy .
0	15	 This is one area where we can actually achieve something , and I think it would be a good way to promote greater transparency and more competition on the market .
1	13	 Mr President , Mr Cornelissen has done a good job and done it relatively quickly , bearing in mind that it was not until January 1996 that he took over responsibility for the problems inherent in aligning the laws of the Member States on the transport of dangerous goods by rail .
1	6	 However , as it progressed it became the cornerstone of the European Union 's strategy for reducing carbon dioxide emissions .
1	8	 I would therefore ask the Commission whether it is prepared to support these proposals , which were adopted unanimously in committee .
0	4	 Strictly speaking , it is the credibility of the EU that is at stake here .
0	13	 If you rate what you just read out as success , then it is of course clear that you will obtain a rate of nine out of thirteen .
1	24	 Turning to the amendments before the House today , I have to say that we consider the first to be unnecessarily bureaucratic and it is also impractical .
0	2	 Furthermore it is just as important for the systems to be interoperable also in the sense that they become more attractive for the user .
1	30	 I hope the Council has taken the decision that Mr Hervé de Charette should try to mediate on behalf of the Union , but all the indications are that it has not and that the French Government is working independently here .
0	63	 Although , it must be said that if your train is held up for a long time at a border because of the need to make crew or technical changes , it is possible to develop quite a revolutionary set of feelings about the barriers which still cross our transport system , especially if you are late for a meeting or if it a very hot day and the children are thirsty .
1	1	 It has put THERMIE II is on ice , is resisting SAVE , resisting SYNERGY , backing away little by little from the question of an environmental and job - creating tax reform .
1	37	 We clearly welcome the fact - and he has the support of my group - that it is actually the chairman of the Committee on Economic Affairs , Mr von Wogau , who is dealing with it , because there is , basically , broad consensus within the committee on the objectives put forward .
0	6	 However , in my view it is quite essential for the annex and table to be incorporated in the programme if we are to approve it .
0	2	 Is it a question of the composition of concrete ?
0	1	 It is about time too .
0	8	 The Council , however , has made it clear in its unanimously adopted common position that it has different priorities from those of Parliament .
1	11	 We were too late to hand it in , but it has been discussed with a number of Members .
0	14	 Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I do not think it could possibly be disputed that the energy matter in all its aspects is now an important element in the Union 's foreign policy and external relations .
1	15	 Finally , we should point out to the Council once again - assuming that it ever reads our proceedings - that there is no point in proposing a joint decision on improving customs if the Member States do not then provide their customs services with the funding and technology needed to put the decision into effect .
0	1	 It is a good thing that Mrs Soltwedel - Schäfer can now tell us that the wording of various passages has been watered down , because the proposals she originally put forward were completely unworkable .
0	28	 As I see it , this programme needs to ensure that customs controls are equally strict at all border crossings , including ports and airports , and it is up to you , Commissioner , to see that this happens .
0	1	 It is sad that the current proposal does not contain more ambitious targets for energy saving .
0	1	 It is not that we will satisfy everybody this way , but if we are to try to find a solution , I am convinced that is the only possible one .
1	26	 It made that commitment unanimously when it agreed the Maastricht Treaty and today we should call it to account and hold it to the agreement it made then .
0	1	 It is also proposed to transpose into Community law the rules contained in the RID regulations as they are applied to international rail transport to include operations within Member States .
0	11	 The railway accident in Flanders on Thursday last week made it clear once again that in spite of good safety standards accidents can never be ruled out .
1	11	 Liberals start with their own responsibility and do not shuffle it off on to succeeding generations .
1	18	 Since serious efforts were made , however , I nevertheless consider it justified for Parliament to give it the green light .
1	25	 In the light of those figures the SYNERGY programme assumes particularly great importance because in focusing on third countries and providing them with assistance it will help those countries formulate and implement energy policies of their own .
0	1	 It took almost a year to come to a common position , whereas in the previous years an unprecedented amount of talent on the part of representatives of the Member States , the railway companies and industry had been devoted to the subject .
0	4	 I also think it is excellent that instead of simply handing down instructions from on high , the Member States wish to reach agreement with the freight carriers , importers and exporters on how computerized procedures can be used to simplify controls and apply them in practice .
0	2	 And it is precisely that which has led us into developing SAVE II as a wider and fuller initiative .
1	29	 However , the absence of a legal base was an obstacle to the development of medium - term strategies and to the monitoring of individual projects , and it also made it difficult to blend the actions in with actions that were to be undertaken in the framework of other Community instruments .
0	6	 All else being equal , it must be assumed that an integrated high - speed network would benefit both users and the environment , but clearly the original proposal suffered from the lack of a thorough investigation into the environmental aspects .
0	4	 After all , it is useless simply to leave the implementation of such measures to the Member States .
1	5	 On the contrary , it has pursued that option before and will pursue it again .
1	13	 In addition my Group thinks that CO2 money must be deployed where it will yield the best return .
0	34	 This is an example of something which could be promoted right across Europe , and it is a great pity if some governments take refuge in subsidiarity and say that you cannot apply it to us and so miss the chance of doing something significant about the targets which Europe agreed to at the Rio Summit .
0	88	 But having said that , there is the situation , which pertains for many of the European Union 's programmes , in which either we put all the financial resources into the first two or three years , which means that in the case of a five - year programme we are unable to take advantage of emerging new technologies as the programme moves towards completion , or , as often happens , we allocate all of the spending to the final two years , which makes it impossible for us to monitor our research programmes closely and to shape them as they progress .
1	5	 Only by looking at it in that way is it possible to understand the lack of interoperability in the various high - speed railway networks which have developed in most recent years and which are still being developed at the present time .
1	19	 The SAVE programme is of great importance in all this improvement of energy efficiency , but in itself it does not help as much as it could .
1	11	 Finally , I particularly commend Amendment No 11 , because it reintroduces the concept of consumer protection as an essential requirement in this proposal .
0	6	 I have to say that it is a bit like motherhood .
0	5	 First , I consider it important for it to be made clear in an annex what direction the projects are to follow .
1	13	 I admit , however , that this issue is completely insignificant and it does not affect my positive attitude to Mr Von Wogau 's report .
0	32	 Although , it must be said that if your train is held up for a long time at a border because of the need to make crew or technical changes , it is possible to develop quite a revolutionary set of feelings about the barriers which still cross our transport system , especially if you are late for a meeting or if it a very hot day and the children are thirsty .
0	28	 It is extremely pleasant to come to warm Strasbourg from cold Finland , where the ice on the lakes is still half a metre thick , making it quite possible to drive over the ice to one 's island holiday home to go fishing .
0	3	 However , it would also be useful if the Commission were to take account of the need to achieve convergence between the Member States in the area of energy efficiency .
1	3	 However , it is of vital importance not only to this Parliament but also to the future development of a prosperous , efficient and environmentally - sustainable Europe .
1	11	 That is why we cannot do everything we want with it and will have to concentrate on certain areas .
0	23	 For the European Parliament , the energy policy of the European Union is of particular importance and that is why we think it is indispensable that we should be called upon to intervene in the SYNERGY programme , and given a chance to express our opinions on the list of actions to be undertaken as well as being regularly informed of the progress of the European Union 's energy strategy .
1	18	 I have a comment to make about Amendment No 16 , which has caused some misunderstanding because it calls for direct customs control to have priority over every other method .
1	24	 In discussing the Euro - Mediterranean Conference , to which we gave the greatest prominence , we cannot then wash our hands of it and leave it to the European powers to take diplomatic steps in the Middle East outside the necessary agreement within the Union .
0	31	 Secondly I should like to point out , before the agenda is settled , that the importance of the bombardment of Lebanese territory by the State of Israel will make it necessary to ask for a statement from the Council .
1	27	 To be specific , from a reading of the provisions of this proposal for a directive the lack of interoperability emerges as a fundamental problem as it creates internal frontiers which hinder freedom of movement .
1	27	 Responsibility for the fact that we have not achieved our objectives does not lie with the Commission , and it is not for us to shoulder it .
1	1	 It is the following .
1	23	 Lastly , Amendment No 9 is not directly related to the potential for intervention built into the proposal in question and therefore it cannot be included .
1	15	 The Council 's common position complies with these requirements and we can therefore support it , but on two points we are not convinced .
0	1	 It would have been more sensible for Parliament always to apply the co - decision procedure .
0	1	 It should not happen again , Mr President .
1	1	 It does not say ' similar tunnels ' but the directive says ' tunnels with characteristics similar ' .
1	11	 It has not learned all the lessons from SAVE I. It is a very limited , minimal approach but it is absolutely essential that the Council of Ministers knows that the European Parliament is backing it very strongly indeed .
1	11	 SYNERGY must now be given a legal basis , establishing it as a multiannual programme with an indicative budget .
1	19	 The reason why I think the Third World is so important is , first of all , that it offers the greatest promise for making fairly obvious gains in energy consumption .
1	22	 When we determine an industrial policy - which we should do for the pharmaceutical sector - we have to recognize that it is a much broader sector than the other industries we have looked at in the past .
0	1	 It is essential to apply modern energy technologies and to switch to cleaner industries in Eastern Europe .
0	39	 However , I would like to see political will be made compulsory and I would like to see the states held in check because , Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , unless states actually play their part it will be almost impossible for their to be fraud in current proportions .
1	24	 Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , the first step is indeed always the most difficult one but we must take it now because we cannot go on like this with the energy policy we have been pursuing to date .
0	4	 I believe that it is generally the view of Mr Cornelissen and his committee that this is a significant advance .
0	1	 It follows that if we wish to achieve interoperability of the European networks , we have to guarantee interoperability of the factors that go hand - in - hand with this , for example the energy system , the control - and - command systems , signalling and , not least , the rolling stock .
1	9	 Transport takes almost half the energy cost and it uses almost half the oil .
0	1	 It is right that technical specifications should be harmonized insofar as this is essential for trans - frontier high - speed transport , while the structure of the national networks is generally to be preserved .
0	22	 The existence side by side of the different high - speed train systems , which are only minimally interoperable , makes it harder for carriers to provide over long international routes a service which can compete with air transport because train - units must be made suitable for various systems and will thus be more expensive or because there must be a change of locomotives .
0	10	 Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I think it is important that we should discuss the situation in the Middle East this week .
1	29	 Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , on behalf of the Liberal Group I should like to compliment Mr Soulier on the report he has produced , although it has become very detailed .
1	15	 I am concerned about asking the Council presidency to come here to explain why it not playing any part in this crisis either .
1	1	 It requires all rail consignments of what are described as extremely dangerous goods to be subject to a prior notification procedure .
1	2	 If it is not a matter of public health , he has no legal base , if he has no legal base then he may very well face legal action from the people his statement has damaged .
1	9	 I welcome this report very much , but it is only one part of the jigsaw .
0	4	 Madam President , it is obvious when a programme like ' Customs 2000 ' was thought up there is no doubt that everyone who created the single market had no doubt that ending customs barriers would means more fraud , more unfair competition and more crime within the European economy .
0	1	 It is very obvious that in the very nature of high - speed train systems , interoperability is absolutely essential for the economic viability of high - speed trains is fundamentally undermined by the delays that otherwise will continue to take place at borders and prevent a meaningful network of high - speed trains across this continent .
1	4	 However , as it progressed it became the cornerstone of the European Union 's strategy for reducing carbon dioxide emissions .
1	1	 It made that commitment unanimously when it agreed the Maastricht Treaty and today we should call it to account and hold it to the agreement it made then .
1	40	 In the same context , the Commission , as well as informing Parliament and the Council annually about the implementation of the SYNERGY programme , will also provide them with information about the entire range of the actions that it undertakes on matters of international cooperation in the energy sector .
0	1	 It is to be feared that the Council 's attitude is penny wise , pound foolish .
1	6	 The Commission therefore believes that it has shown total consistency in exerting pressure from the European Union for the stabilization of carbon dioxide emissions .
1	14	 On the contrary , it has pursued that option before and will pursue it again .
1	16	 I think that as a matter of courtesy we should naturally ask the Council whether it is ready to make a statement .
1	17	 The Council , however , has made it clear in its unanimously adopted common position that it has different priorities from those of Parliament .
0	2	 Therefore it is only right and proper that all Europeans , whatever level of disability they may have , are able to access and enjoy and use and frequent high - speed trains .
1	24	 Mr President , co - ordination between national policies in the area of science and technology has been Europe 's Achilles heel , It is one of the reasons for our lagging behind the United States and Japan and our loss of competitiveness .
0	3	 However , it is worth pointing out once again that with this programme we are seeking to promote environmental improvement and to increase the competitiveness of Europe 's undertakings .
1	17	 I really think it would show Parliament in a poor light if we do not discuss it on Wednesday .
0	1	 It is true that the forecasts and estimates for the next 200 years provide grounds for claiming that energy reserves are plentiful , but they are for the most part located outside the European Union .
0	20	 To say that nuclear safety should be part of this programme - I do not see the logic of it , frankly .
0	11	 This could have been done far more clearly , and it is rather shameful that the Commission makes integration of the environment one of the most important instruments of future environment policy , and then ignores obvious opportunities , such as interoperability , when they arise .
0	1	 It is my contention that we all , as Europeans , will benefit from high - speed trains .
0	10	 Only by looking at it in that way is it possible to understand the lack of interoperability in the various high - speed railway networks which have developed in most recent years and which are still being developed at the present time .
0	3	 I think it is an excellent idea to examine whether the customs rules can be simplified , since complicated rules merely encourage mistakes and fraud , whereas simpler controls would be much more effective .
0	21	 Mr President , Mr Cornelissen has done a good job and done it relatively quickly , bearing in mind that it was not until January 1996 that he took over responsibility for the problems inherent in aligning the laws of the Member States on the transport of dangerous goods by rail .
1	23	 I would like to stress that certain passages in this report have been watered down as a compromise , to ensure that it would receive a majority .
0	10	 Mr President , like previous colleagues , I believe it to be absolutely essential that the Council make a statement on Wednesday about the Middle East situation , particularly in southern Lebanon .
1	1	 It will cost money .
0	4	 Mr President , it is certainly appropriate that at least one representative of a Nordic state should take part in this debate on the programme for the promotion of energy efficiency .
0	20	 In Amendment No 12 the Group of the European Liberal , Democratic and Reformist Party wanted to emphasize that it is not only politically but economically desirable to open the SAVE II programme to the countries of Central and Eastern Europe and the associated countries in the Mediterranean area .
0	17	 We clearly welcome the fact - and he has the support of my group - that it is actually the chairman of the Committee on Economic Affairs , Mr von Wogau , who is dealing with it , because there is , basically , broad consensus within the committee on the objectives put forward .
0	1	 It is therefore desirable that interoperability be gradually achieved in relation to transfrontier traffic , the rapid transport of goods and , at a later and none - toodistant stage - the whole of rail transport .
1	21	 Does that mean quite specifically that we must think for example of the tunnel under construction in Denmark and that it will be restricted to that kind of tunnels ?
0	1	 It must be made easier for third parties to finance energy - efficient measures and for the growing industry of energy services to be helped .
1	7	 It made that commitment unanimously when it agreed the Maastricht Treaty and today we should call it to account and hold it to the agreement it made then .
1	20	 That is something I will not contradict , so that logically you must approve our SAVE II report as it stands , given that SAVE II is the only programme the EU has at present in order to fulfil the obligations we entered into in Berlin and Rio and in many other undertakings we gave .
1	22	 Let me suggest a deal : if the Council says it does not really want to spend any money , as it likes to say in the case of renewable energy , then we should suggest that we will agree to less money as long as we see legislative measures instead .
0	5	 Seen from another angle it is possible to ask to what extent the problems of interoperability obey fundamental causes and are an inexcusable point of departure , or alternatively to what extent they are an instrument applied more or less deliberately in order to restrict freedom of movement with other policies or other interests in mind .
1	11	 In my view , the report should be adopted as it stands .
1	33	 We must not turn it into a competition between Chernobyl and the proposal to ask the Council to report on the situation in the Middle East this week and to debate on it , and then put Chernobyl in second place !
0	23	 If that should be the case , there is no point our making any changes to the agenda for Wednesday because as it stands now it is not possible to include an additional statement by the Council .
0	8	 First , I consider it important for it to be made clear in an annex what direction the projects are to follow .
1	19	 Mr President , SAVE II is an important tool , a tool which can bring results only if it is given the fullest support .
0	3	 With hindsight it is very much to be regretted that European standards were not in force before the construction of the national high - speed networks .
1	21	 Action was first directed towards Asia , Latin America and the Mediterranean Basin , but in the course of time it has naturally been extended to the countries of Eastern and Central Europe and of the CIS , where it has unquestionably lead to an improvement in the energy situation .
1	2	 Without it we will not be able to meet the transport needs of the future .
1	22	 It made that commitment unanimously when it agreed the Maastricht Treaty and today we should call it to account and hold it to the agreement it made then .
1	11	 Let me describe the situation to you as I see it .
0	4	 Mr President , it is vitally important for our future that we should change our transport system .
0	13	 What I am concerned about is that the Commission must see to it that this article is not misused to put a spoke in the wheels of the internal market for rail transport .
1	4	 In fact , it was watered down to such an extent that the final text bore almost no resemblance to the original proposal .
1	7	 The kind of strategy on which it is based must be clarified .
1	15	 If so does he see any reason or opportunity to take action to control it ?
0	1	 It is clear that whenever the practical will is not there , subsidiarity is brought up as an argument .
0	20	 Responsibility for the fact that we have not achieved our objectives does not lie with the Commission , and it is not for us to shoulder it .
0	37	 In conclusion , I should just like to say that I think the Conservative and Liberal groups here in the House have been very unconstructive in tabling amendments which directly contradict this modern approach , and it shows that they have simply swallowed the very intensive lobbying from the industry .
0	3	 Obviously , it is contradictory and fanciful to suggest that the interoperable trans - European high - speed rail system which is needed can be achieved without requiring the existing integrity of national networks to be extensively adapted .
0	7	 With the carbon tax stalled , it is more essential than ever for Europe to have an ambitious programme for promoting energy efficiency and curbing CO2 emissions .
1	1	 It will cost millions , perhaps even billions , of ecu over the years to come .
0	12	 Madam President , the Customs 2000 programme is very important and it is still more important to launch it with realistic objectives .
0	1	 It is also important to remember that , when the common data banks are set up which are essential in the fight against fraud , data protection will be needed to prevent these data banks being removed from the citizens ' control and used against them .
1	1	 It must be consistent if it wishes to impose consistency on others .
1	24	 When the European Parliament , that so frequently insists on workers ' rights and proper social protection , is building a hemicycle , it should make sure that the contracts concerning those employed in the buildings should provide for full social protection and full payment .
1	18	 Lastly , and perhaps this is the most important point , and many of you have mentioned it in your speeches , we shall be able to create a large number of new jobs , which will be a very important thing in itself .
1	16	 His goals of ensuring the successful operation of the internal or , as he calls it , home market and helping to combat fraud and illegal trade are objectives which we all share .
1	1	 It is , however , all we have at the present and , to that extent , I commend Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz 's excellent report to the House .
1	1	 It is very like my own country , Scotland , where we cut down all the trees and then we had to start burning coal , which , of course , causes all kinds of problems and is a fossil fuel .
1	19	 Madam President , the Customs 2000 programme is very important and it is still more important to launch it with realistic objectives .
1	16	 Could somebody clarify that he has actually said this please , Mr President , because it is a change of views .
1	6	 Amendment No 12 - because it would complicate the interoperability framework which we are establishing , and that contradicts the efforts to achieve simplification .
1	14	 In this debate we must also remind the Council of its commitments which it freely entered into at Maastricht when it committed itself not merely to a trans - European rail network but to an interoperable trans - European rail network .
0	4	 But I think it is equally important that we discuss Chernobyl this week .
0	1	 It is about time we got back to using them .
0	1	 It would of course have been useful to evaluate the preceding projects and reports in a consistent manner before formulating this multiannual programme .
0	16	 This is an example of something which could be promoted right across Europe , and it is a great pity if some governments take refuge in subsidiarity and say that you cannot apply it to us and so miss the chance of doing something significant about the targets which Europe agreed to at the Rio Summit .
0	3	 To put it bluntly , there is no point in having talks with economic operators or with the customs authorities if we do not draw the appropriate conclusions .
1	59	 This is certain to be the case , since the report is supported by a majority in Parliament , but the Commission , so I was told by one of Mr Bangemann 's press officers , is anything but happy with it , saying that we are ' making a lot of work for the Commission ' with it .
0	4	 I appreciate that it is not easy to lay down practicable criteria for the concept of ' extremely dangerous goods ' .
0	9	 In practice , only four directives emerged and it is unacceptable that the present proposal makes no reference to the failure of SAVE I as a legislative programme .
0	3	 I think it would be regrettable to confuse the two .
1	20	 We now believe that this is the best time ever to give SYNERGY a legal base and to establish it as a multiannual programme .
0	3	 However , it would be possible for us to come back to the issue of Chernobyl which does not have such immediacy although it is the tenth anniversary .
1	8	 the Switzerland of Africa , they call it - and there was hardly a tree left in that country .
0	2	 So it is surely our duty to make a statement on the subject : we are witnessing events which , I am convinced , should persuade us to find a slot in Wednesday 's agenda for such a statement and the subsequent debate .
0	4	 For instance , it has been estimated that the introduction of calorimeters would have yielded savings of approximately 4.75 million tonnes of crude oil units and a CO2 reduction by the year 2010 of 12 million tonnes per year .
1	17	 How can we not condemn the European Commission when , seeking competition at any price , it makes substantial changes to the terms of an agreement concluded between Eurotunnel on the one hand and British Rail and SNCF on the other ?
1	14	 As you know , the Commission is able to propose new legislation whenever it thinks it necessary , and I am absolutely sure that given the European Parliament 's support we shall have the opportunity to discuss new legislative measures here in this House in the coming months .
0	9	 As far as I can see , though it is not totally apparent , both the environment and the public have had their positions weakened in the common position .
0	26	 If that should be the case , there is no point our making any changes to the agenda for Wednesday because as it stands now it is not possible to include an additional statement by the Council .
0	10	 I should like to ask you to see whether it is possible for the Italian presidency to do that on Wednesday afternoon .
0	4	 For instance , it has been made compulsory for the Member States to notify the competent authorities so that they can alert the emergency services throughout the territory to be crossed .
1	17	 We feel that the Commission report paints a relatively accurate picture , but the proposals which it puts forward still need some improvement .
1	77	 With the other amendments , it fills out the text of the proposal for a regulation , and I should like in finishing , Commissioner , to know whether this amendment has the approval of the Commission : if not , Parliament would undoubtedly have some difficulty in approving a programme which is nevertheless welcome and promising , and which we wish to see adopted but in an amended and therefore improved form , so that it can be speedily implemented .
0	8	 The third important point is this : it is quite clear that this programme must not overlap with other EU programmes .
1	18	 We recognize that with global markets we have to look at this key industry and ensure that it is competitive within the European Union .
0	1	 It is a pleasing outcome .
0	4	 Mr Soulier , it is amusing that the version in which there is a mistake is that of your own language .
0	2	 But it would be neither right nor a good idea to shorten that debate since the Italian President - in - Office of the Council will be here on Wednesday morning .
1	26	 The SAVE programme is of great importance in all this improvement of energy efficiency , but in itself it does not help as much as it could .
1	11	 Let me suggest a deal : if the Council says it does not really want to spend any money , as it likes to say in the case of renewable energy , then we should suggest that we will agree to less money as long as we see legislative measures instead .
1	36	 On the subject of training , the decision itself proposes the establishment of a European Customs Academy , not to replace the training provided by the administrations in the Member States , but to supplement it and help to bring the Union 's customs services together .
0	42	 Each one of us who has spent hours of frustration at airports , which has definitely been the case this winter , and in traffic chaos on the roads , which has also been the case , know just how imperative it is to create an efficient rail system linking the whole of Europe .
0	9	 The preamble to the SAVE II programme makes it clear that over the past decade little more than a 1 % improvement has been achieved across Europe , and there is very little in the Commission 's proposal to suggest that even this minimalist improvement will be sustained in coming years .
1	4	 Let us do it legislatively and with fiscal instruments .
0	12	 Since serious efforts were made , however , I nevertheless consider it justified for Parliament to give it the green light .
1	4	 At one stroke it protects the environment , conserves resources , boosts the economy and saves consumers money at the same time .
0	1	 It is absolutely impossible to see one 's name on the screen .
1	44	 I would venture a step further and say that I think that the time has come for us to look at the energy matter in the European Union 's various policies and to move to a point at which we can decide that it should become a single integrated policy .
1	40	 Action was first directed towards Asia , Latin America and the Mediterranean Basin , but in the course of time it has naturally been extended to the countries of Eastern and Central Europe and of the CIS , where it has unquestionably lead to an improvement in the energy situation .
1	1	 It applies too to the high - speed lines .
1	15	 Mr President , I began with transport of goods and I shall end with it .
1	13	 I welcome their attitude and their effective work and I hope that it is an attitude that is increasingly shared in practice by Member State governments throughout the whole of the Union .
1	13	 However , SAVE II is a very different programme , precisely because it takes account of the factor that I mentioned earlier , namely the failure to achieve substantial progress in the desired direction .
1	14	 The Committee on Budgets already pointed out when the Treaty was signed that it must not imply any significant budgetary burden on the EU , and that , we believe , is how it should remain .
1	25	 The Council has set objectives in a series of resolutions , for example in its resolutions of 16.9.86 and 29.10.90 and in the commitments it made in Rio and Berlin .
